README.md, before:

Work in progress to create a web interface for the Tellstick and some devices connected to it that can power on/off lamps in my home so far. 

# Example

    >>> import td
    >>> tell = td.Telldus()
    >>> devices = []
    >>> for device in tell.Devices():
    ...  devices.append(device)
    ...
    >>> devices
    [<td.Device object at 0x1099a5710>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a53d0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a56d0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a5810>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a5fd0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af090>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af110>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af190>, <td.Device object at 0x1099f2890>]
    >>> devices[0].get_name()
    'testar'
    >>> devices[1].get_name()
    'Sovrum'
    >>> devices[2].get_name()
    'UNKNOWN'
    >>> devices[3].get_name()
    'Lampa 1'
    >>> devices[3].turn_on()
    True
    >>> devices[3].turn_off()
    True
    >>> len(devices)
    9
    >>> devices[8].get_name()
    'Vardagsrum'
    >>> devices[7].get_name()
    'lol'

Commit message:

Updated the readme to make the example more clear

README.md, after:

Work in progress to create a web interface for the Tellstick and some devices connected to it that can power on/off lamps in my home so far. 


This example assumes you have both a tellstick.conf file filled with devices (which are then irretated on in "for device in tell.Devices" as well as the telldusd daemon running.

The goal is to eventually get around these requirements and allow a direct iteraction with, at the very least, no configuration file.

# Example

    >>> import td
    >>> tell = td.Telldus()
    >>> devices = []
    >>> for device in tell.Devices():
    ...  devices.append(device)
    ...
    >>> devices
    [<td.Device object at 0x1099a5710>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a53d0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a56d0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a5810>, <td.Device object at 0x1099a5fd0>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af090>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af110>, <td.Device object at 0x1099af190>, <td.Device object at 0x1099f2890>]
    >>> devices[0].get_name()
    'testar'
    >>> devices[1].get_name()
    'Sovrum'
    >>> devices[2].get_name()
    'UNKNOWN'
    >>> devices[3].get_name()
    'Lampa 1'
    >>> devices[3].turn_on()
    True
    >>> devices[3].turn_off()
    True
    >>> len(devices)
    9
    >>> devices[8].get_name()
    'Vardagsrum'
    >>> devices[7].get_name()
    'lol'
